# Building Checkouts Overview
The app "Checkouts Overview" is fully written in CSharp.
It uses external applications, the git command line client, and the Everything search command line client. Those are called as separated processes, and their output text is parsed separately.

## Checkouts-Overview.sln
The solution `Checkouts-Overview.sln` is the central file for the whole project.
Using Visual Studio (Community Edition 2019) you should be able to one-click build everything.

## App
The `app` subdirectory contain the WPF project building the desktop application.

Dependencies are fetched as nuget packages, e.g. `WindowsAPICodePack-Shell`.
Exception are the Everything search command line client, which is checked in in the directory `ES-1.1.0.18`, and the git command line client, which is expected to be installed on the system.

The release version of the app can be published.
The script `publish-release.ps1` takes care of correctly packaging the released files.

I decided to not create an installer, but instead a portable Zip file containing all.
The Zip file stores all files collected by publishing the project, within a subdirectory `Checkouts-Overview`.
The Zip file itself will be named `Checkouts-Overview-[VERSION].zip`, with the exact version number of the build.

## Version number
The app's version number is defined in `./app/Checkouts-Overview.csproj`.
It can be edited via the Visual Studio UI (package settings), or via text editor.
The project uses semantic versioning: `Major.Minor.Patch.Build`.
When building in CI, a build number as fourth number is injected.
Building locally, the build number should be omitted.

## Test
The `Test` subdirectory contains the unit test code for `app`.

Some tests require input data.
This is generated by the Powershell script `create-testdata.ps1`.
It will create a couple of test repositories in defined states within the directory `TestData`.
Run the script before running the tests.
